here's my new cage that I'm pretty much
done setting up its a 18 by 18 by 24 hi
XO Tara and here's the main inhabitant
my fat old blue dumpy tree frog and his
buddy on the back wall and an old who he
hasn't eaten yet surprisingly and
there's some live plants in here this
one's a bamboo lucky bamboo pretty
simple a baby bromeliad we'll see how
that does some ivy I don't know how any
of these plants are going to do but
we'll see the rest of them are fake and
there's a tetra repto filter in the
corner
filtering all the water in the bottom
because it's a complete water bottom I
had to put some foam on the backside of
it to prevent anybody or crickets
getting down there and then there's some
LED lights in it make it look really
cool at night a banana plant and some
other aquatic plant and I've got some
little fish in here somewhere not really
sure where they are I think they're
around on the side over here little neon
tetras there's five of them in here
somewhere
hopefully they've got enough room it's
probably four or five gallons of water
and a water heater which isn't even that
useful because it stays pretty warm
anyway
and a UV strip light and a little 40
watt daylight to keep it a little warm
and old seems to like it there's also a
pump buried in the gravel back here and
a tube runs up behind this phone
background and comes out right up here
and I don't know if you can see it but
the water kind of trickles down the
background my green light shines off of
it it looks pretty awesome at night I
had a fogger next to the tank dropping
some fog in right over there but I move
that when I had to clean
so hopefully my froggy likes his new
home and hopefully the fish survive I
don't know if the anole is going to go
fishing or what but that's what it looks
like